if place it and now we've got snow
versus WS boss Luigi legend himself this
set actually arranged in an upset I've
in snows favor yeah I think we actually
caught ated that my mom yes we did that
was I think the only set we've done so
far well dejavu hey look at that boss
doing only one Ariel and his short hop
snow getting scared blocking
anticipating the next one boss like nuts
like those are those things boss throws
off him man he will use your fear
against you man you know you ever heard
of fred of cougar yeah yeah well boss he
lives on Elm Street okay it's just that
real he's in your dreams he's in your
waking thoughts I guess to face on the
bosses in my dreams I'm staying awake
haha that's my man that's my man stuff
all right to a good lead right here yes
it is much different story so far than
what we saw in winners bracket believe
it was it was 21 though in winters it
works though no no Wow snow with the
dominance man who'd been seeing and
playing some extent today I'm losing
track I feel you man been an excellent
day well with those rolls from boss
that's one of his patented techniques
just disrespectful unpredictable roles
that it's like why would somebody roll
there but boss is like no I actually
know exactly what I'm doing oh wow so
actually the boldness of this man I like
it a lot not gonna get the kill with
definitely making a boss think once or
twice behind come back to his stage it
just goes off stage with box like that I
that was a bravery right this man is
discussed curtain who cuts his head off
with that side beat Fox illusion boss at
the edge he's got to get up oh snow
seeming like you had to read but not the
timing are quite okay knocks him off and
see what's good ah just Swain a little
too early with that kill shot boss has
to watch himself
Wow look at snow he just doesn't care
i'm kate looks no it just feels man high
schoolers kid walk down the hall no Hall
Pass okay he was that boat all right I'm
telling when the gentleman killed Luigi
both laugh none of Adele fella let me
see that Hall Pass real quick oh so I
get you on my face what my man snow is
on fire right now kids fixing to go to
the detention right talk to him all
right double fares nice try getting to
the choppa yes get to the choppa get out
of here jabse crabs all right hey boss
reading the wake up right act nice smart
oh whoa put him in that ground all right
zandu Hollett real coming back featuring
boss real quick right back there yeah
that's I'd be not even safe on hit nope
if you were at a higher percentage would
have popped him away enough but oh god I
artist weeds right now no Luigi's love
that oh but get something off of that
fire right there water still doing this
they pack it all back to excuse me
that's the classic with the Ouija man to
the fireball oh I got a shield no not
Luigi gets a lot of reward off grabs in
this game whoa awesome looking real
soccer bill yeah yeah I will down to
spar varnish the news in each how do you
pop a mooch like that it's in says all
right good stuff boss looking to remedy
that wall she took earlier in winners
bracket I was a really strong
performance i want to say game one yes
it definitely was it was looking pretty
shaky at first you know could have gone
either way but boss just pulling ahead
very strong to end and we're going to
Omega Paulo taint his temple okay now I
think your region tends to like the
stage a lot maybe because it has the
same color palette of Nashville perhaps
so that's actually a good observation
where today real quick heading get that
in one good time this stuff definitely
stage us no favors a lot but in cm use
it obviously in winners complete to a
boss but we are seeing it right now I
like snow style just trying to wall
Luigi out with hitboxes meanwhile boss
just able to get in there he must know
the patterns that snow is going for
offensively and defensively I would say
he's pretty well aware of that oh and
illusion just slightly invincible at the
beginning able to cut through the
fireball saving snow a couple damage
there gets them back into the stage
control position but now boss turning it
around
okay I'm still just fun summers that
good patient for snow Wow shooting these
point-blank glaziers man you know the
thing about that is he does it because
you don't expect it that and Luigi also
doesn't really have the run speeds he's
got fast enough yeah however if ball
starts catching on to that he gets a
free tornado true okay now thrown air
but not enough to kill when I move lost
a lot of its kill power but it's like
the fact that you can come OD yeah it's
crazy that it actually just leads to
death yeah if you hit it Oh nicely done
and reads that was insane that up smash
boss that focus right now in this man's
face on anything he's Blunkett uplink
yet blanc no charging up the side V snow
just not showing any of that brazen edge
guarding he knows that we just up be if
it catches the weekend and you're not in
your double jump that could spell death
especially for a fastball just doesn't
want to risk it and I sternum island one
not letting anything get past this man
the gatekeeper right now he can sense
the fear and snow he's like alright
winners bracket boss a little sleep
though looks leave oh but he's
definitely wake up hit get hit with that
up smash my goodness alright snow is
still definitely in this thing only six
percent submarine is to right now we
both know fosters capable making a
comeback oh but now he's gonna be taken
for smash like that not the way to do it
boss putting up that wall of hitboxes
between snow and little edge I'm sorry
in the center of the stage he knows he
just has to maintain control box has the
percent disadvantage needs to come into
Luigi and that's honestly where Luigi
thrives the most in a great wall of boss
okay made of brick that's fried chicken
we get there that's an edible house man
Jack I'm very smart hey I'm telling you
it was scaring me off if you just look
to abhi's little too good to be true
good to be sure you guys are okay the
point blank fireball both these guys are
shooting projectiles Wow and still
hanging in there goodness at 134 this
man does not want to go down okay runs
up hold no choice in that matter we yeah
boss takes it a nice bitter revenge
their returns the 20 that stuff from
ball you can have this back it's a
regift there you go man that's like the
ultimate grind move in a secret santa is
like you just pass the same person that
gets back
not to be unappreciative or anything
guilty of that oh yeah oh my cousin's
they watching